[generated] Add datadog_gcp_uc_configs data source (#3970)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/data-sources/gcp_uc_configs.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_gcp_uc_configs Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog gcp uc configs.
---

# datadog_gcp_uc_configs (Data Source)

> Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog gcp uc configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog GCP Usage Cost configs.
```
